docs(fix): Index prefixes fix pt2 (#7925)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/components/orchestration-cluster/core-settings/configuration/partials/_exporters.md

| `camunda.data.exporters.elasticsearch.args`       | Map of arguments to use when instantiating the exporter.                                                                                  | `-`                                                 |

:::warning
If Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Exporter managed indices and Orchestration Cluster managed indices use the same Elasticsearch or OpenSearch cluster, you **must** configure different index prefixes.

Do not reuse the same prefix for:

- Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Exporter indices (configured via `camunda.data.exporters.elasticsearch.args.index-prefix`)
- Orchestration Cluster indices (configured via `camunda.data.secondary-storage.{elasticsearch|opensearch}.index-prefix`)

> In particular, do not configure `camunda.data.secondary-storage.{elasticsearch|opensearch}.index-prefix` (or `CAMUNDA_DATA_SECONDARYSTORAGE_{ELASTICSEARCH|OPENSEARCH}_INDEXPREFIX`) to `zeebe-record`, because `zeebe-record` is the default value of `zeebe.broker.exporters.{elasticsearch|opensearch}.args.index.prefix` for Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Expoter indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, do not configure `camunda.data.secondary-storage.{elasticsearch|opensearch}.index-prefix` (or `CAMUNDA_DATA_SECONDARYSTORAGE_{ELASTICSEARCH|OPENSEARCH}_INDEXPREFIX`) to `zeebe-record`, because `zeebe-record` is the default value of `zeebe.broker.exporters.{elasticsearch|opensearch}.args.index.prefix` for Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Exporter indices.
```

:::warning
When Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Exporter indices and Orchestration Cluster indices (secondary storage) use the same Elasticsearch or OpenSearch cluster, you must keep their index prefixes **distinct, non‑overlapping, and non‑reserved**: do not reuse the same prefix for both, do not choose prefixes where one includes the other (for example, `custom` and `custom-zeebe`, because `custom*` matches both), and do not configure the exporter prefix to reserved Orchestration index names such as `operate`, `tasklist`, or `camunda`.

Changing an index prefix after a Camunda instance has been running creates new, empty indices with the new prefix. Camunda does not provide built‑in migration support between old and new prefixes.

Do not reuse the same prefix for:

- Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Exporter indices (configured via `camunda.data.exporters.elasticsearch.args.index-prefix`)
- Orchestration Cluster indices (configured via `camunda.data.secondary-storage.{elasticsearch|opensearch}.index-prefix`)

> In particular, do not configure `camunda.data.secondary-storage.{elasticsearch|opensearch}.index-prefix` (or `CAMUNDA_DATA_SECONDARYSTORAGE_{ELASTICSEARCH|OPENSEARCH}_INDEXPREFIX`) to `zeebe-record`, because `zeebe-record` is the default value of `zeebe.broker.exporters.{elasticsearch|opensearch}.args.index.prefix` for Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Exporter indices. Similarly, do not configure `zeebe.broker.exporters.{elasticsearch|opensearch}.args.index.prefix` to values that match Orchestration indices such as `operate`, `tasklist`, or `camunda`, as this can also cause ILM/ISM rules for the exporter to affect Orchestration Cluster indices.

Reviewer: I still think this is a weird "In particular". It's really just an example of one scenario where they _could_ match. I am ok with leaving it if we think it helps, I just feel like it's a bit of a curveball

> Reusing a shared prefix can cause Zeebe ILM/ISM policies and wildcard index patterns to also match Orchestration Cluster indices, which may lead to unexpected data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reusing a shared prefix can cause Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Exporter ILM/ISM policies and wildcard index patterns to also match Orchestration Cluster indices, which may lead to unexpected data loss.
```
